Shrink local worker names for local development (#1197)
spatialos/gdk-for-unity: CHANGELOG.md

- Reactive components have been removed completely. [#1195](https://github.com/spatialos/gdk-for-unity/pull/1195)
  - If you are using reactive components, please see our documentation on the [ECS workflow](https://docs.improbable.io/unity/alpha/workflows/overview#ecs-centric-workflow).

### Changed

> - Generated Worker ID's for local development are now smaller and easier to read for debugging. [#1197](https://github.com/spatialos/gdk-for-unity/pull/1197)

Reviewer: Is this just for local development?

Author: Yes, for all other deployments the runtime generates your workerid

> - Generated Worker ID's for local development are now smaller and easier to read for debugging. [#1197](https://github.com/spatialos/gdk-for-unity/pull/1197)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Generated Worker IDs for local development are now smaller and easier to read. [#1197](https://github.com/spatialos/gdk-for-unity/pull/1197)
```
